patch: Updated API docs regarding rate limiting (#3131)
balena-io/docs: pages/reference/api/overview.md

-H "Authorization: Bearer <AUTH_TOKEN>"
```

## Rate limiting

We intentionally do not publish detailed rate limits or the inner workings of our rate-limiting algorithm. Our goal is to keep the API experience as seamless as possible. 

> Engineers using our API shouldn’t have to manage the complexity of rate limits to automate workflows effectively. The rate limits we enforce are generous, and customers running large-scale automations rarely encounter issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Engineers using our API shouldn’t have to manage the complexity of rate limits to automate workflows effectively. The rate limits we enforce are generous, and customers running large-scale automation rarely encounter issues.
```

Publishing specific rate limits often results in them being treated as a "target" or a fixed barrier, which is not how we intend the API to be used. Our rate limits are designed to provide a minimum level of protection for the API and to ensure consistent performance for all users, without requiring customers to worry about exceeding them.

> To maintain the best experience, we also need the flexibility to adapt and evolve the rate-limiting algorithm as required. Publishing fixed limits could constrain our ability to make improvements or respond to specific needs without disrupting customers. Instead, we provide a clear and simple interface: the `Retry-After` header. If a request exceeds the current rate limit, the response will include this header with a value indicating how long to wait before retrying. This ensures you can adapt dynamically without needing to understand the underlying details of the rate-limiting mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain the best experience, we also need the flexibility to adapt and evolve the rate-limiting algorithm. Publishing fixed limits could constrain our ability to improve and respond to specific needs without disrupting customers. 

Instead, we provide the `Retry-After` header. The HTTP `Retry-After` response header indicates how long the user agent should wait before making a follow-up request. When a request exceeds the current rate limit, the response will include this header with a value indicating how long you should be waiting before retrying. This ensures your code can dynamically adapt on runtime without needing workarounds or context about the rate-limiting mechanism.
```

Making a paragraph break, to showcase the important point. 
Simple is a relative word in docs. What's simple to us can't be assumed as simple to our users. So I recommend using that when needed. 

Clarified this majorly by adding a definition of what's the retry after header
